---
layout: post
title: "Recent progress"
date: 2025-04-18 10:00:00 +0900
tag: [robot, K10-K10's article, free-talk]
thumbnail-img: "/assets/images/techno-robocup-icon.jpg"
author: "K10-K10"
---

Hello. I'm K10-K10.

This time, I'd like to summarize the progress and future plans from the Kanto competition.


# Progress & future plans

### Robot

From now on, the robot will be made not with LEGO but with a 3D printer.
For that, ALPAKA is creating 3D data (about 50% is done).

### Motor

For the self-made robot, we will use "FEETECH servo FB5311M-360".
We will also use it for the rescue arm.
However, the gear for the output shaft of the motor and the gear for the tire have not been found yet.

### Sensor

We will change the method of confirming the contact with the wall from the touch sensor to the ultrasonic sensor.
The sensor itself is in my hand, but I haven't touched it yet.

For line tracing and rescue, we will continue to use the camera.
Machine learning will also continue to use "YOLO", but since there is also the height of the camera, we need to do that too...
For YOLO, please see [here](/2025/02/24/yolo_machine_learning.html){:target="_blank"}.

### Other
Since the robot is no longer made with EV3, we will use Raspberry Pi & ESP32 as the microcontroller.
We will use i2c communication to exchange data between the two microcontrollers (the basic format is already done, so we just need to make the format).
We will also be able to change the values of the ultrasonic sensor and the motor.


# Future plans

Creating a robot cannot be started without a physical robot.
I want to quickly complete the 3D data and solve the problem of the gear.
I will work hard this year to be able to go to the Japan competition, so please look forward to us.

Thank you for reading~
