---
layout: post
title: "Recent progress"
date: 2025-09-21 10:00:00 +0900
tag: [robot, K10-K10's article, free-talk]
thumbnail-img: "/assets/images/techno-robocup-icon.jpg"
author: "K10-K10"
---
Hello, I'm K10-K10.

I'd like to share our recently progress (Aug–Sep).

# Progress

## Line-trace

We have created a line-tracing program, and it’s almost done.
We use proportional control.
And rotarymars created a program to make a video from the line-tracing pictures taken by the robot.

## Detecting red line

I improved the red line detection program.

Past → Now

- Previously: checked the minimal area
- Now: check the number of red points

But I still can't find good HSV values for the red line.

## Electronic circuit

We built the electronic circuit ourselves, but it doesn’t look good.
The voltmeter and motor broke.

Because the motor often breaks down, we checked the circuit and fixed it.
A new one will arrive on Monday.

## Rescue

We took pictures and labeled black and silver balls.

## Others

Someone forgot to turn off the LiPo battery, and it got damaged.
So we started writing daily reports.
Each report includes reflections of the day and some checkpoints.


# Future plans

The line-tracing program is almost complete.
So, we will start working on the rescue program (with deep learning).
Right now, I’m struggling with detecting silver, and I want to solve this problem.

Also, we need to create obstacle detection using the ultrasonic sensor.
But the sensor doesn’t work as I hoped. ;;

Thank you for reading~
